You big bad guy
Don't scold my mom
Shut up!
My little bastard
You bunch of trash
How many more people have you given our Liu family?
If you dare to say one more word, will you rest?
Oops it hurts it hurts
Look at you, you little bastard. Do you want to die?
Let go of the beast
I'm not here to make trouble.
Your family can't get a gift
Say a few words and start working, right?
Today is my birthday party
Whoever makes trouble gets out first
Xiao Chen, let go
Who said we had to prepare this gift?
When is it your turn to talk?
What good can you come up with, you bereaved dog?
Gifts taken out of garbage are naturally garbage.
I think he can take it out
By the way, take this opportunity to catch up
Xiao Chen, don't mess around
Commenting on actors, right?
What are you doing there?
The family didn't like to see us
Are you so noisy that you can't make it worse?
Second uncle has that intention anyway, right?
No matter what, I have to let my grandfather see Liu
Qingxue's filial piety
What!
What about gifts?
On the way.
Why didn't you say it was in the sky on the way?
Wait for your bull to fall to the ground
The gift has arrived, right?
Xiao Chen, you still think that I haven't hurt enough?
Humph
I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you homeless dog
Come on, kick the troublesome beggar's house out for me
Receipt Road